Yaroslavl motorists are increasingly
prefer an SUV and
the choice is due to
value for money its share of
this market is Korean
automakers this week to us in
hands got ssangyong export we checked
off-road conditions
Hello
but acquaintance we took export top
version with automatic
five-speed gearbox
being permanent all-wheel drive
starting 75 liters
Korean powertrain companies exactly
like she
reproduced police claims
what's next
as if encouraging he suggests
considerable car
outwardly glad that more resembles mercedes she
managed the Germans all the details
focus confuse single
denominator and if I am not potemkin
power on ordinary korean
SUV
to test off-road
abilities we went to the field
on the road which
his condition was like a plot
for
square mud landing at the airport in
culture
country highway native
land
and pleasantly surprised the wonderful taste
recipe for success
on the road growth
I did not notice bravo
thanks to a powerful engine and constantly
bathe the terrain so
famous SUV
since 1 to the level of mercedes mosquitoes
suspension despite its amount
let's say under personally oppose even this
very broken asphalt no
hitting unable to break sure
project move
stabilization system included
nip any attempts at slipping and
hooliganism, but if you turn it off
management practice becomes
not so unambiguous
this is due to a noticeable delay
triggers must act before
the capital of the port of Varna which connects
interrupted by the demonic rear
the wheels to turn the terrorists start
show not frisky enough
crawl front 8 outward turn then
adding to gas changes behavior
she has a rear wheel drive pocket like
waking up goes to the forest and
worries ahead rolls over and
only after these two phases when part
torque finally so in
redistributed to the front axle
further slip
happens evenly
four wheels and becomes
projected from this
particulars raxton dictate aggressive
driving tactics if you wish to pass
turn in a controlled drift need
while putting a pledge at the entrance to
turn causing a slip of all
four wheel benefit powerful engine
allows you to do this easily in this mode
car starts delivering
driving pleasure appears
drive
protests are spacious driver gluten
an armchair similar tactic is foreseeable
management leagues face threats
arrangement of the operation algorithm in
this direction does not cause claims for
except the rear key
glass cleaners who hid
traces removed from the field
in a separate line I would like to note
yo park unexpectedly strong for the car
this class put on fog lights
which in most car
turned 5 years old decorative role
on the cost of contributions power my contribution to
roadside lighting and road in the near
the SUV sector sector usually
owners of such machines do not pay particularly
much attention to economy
times
beat a big car will
ready for low flow however
people who are looking at
growth there is a choice we tested ssangyong
diesel engine which consumes in
mixed mode 12 liters of fuel at all
a little for a car of this class that
As a result, the project is great for
trips to the cottage fishing and hunting
off-road ability is quite
they were useful in the city were quality
roads leaves much to be desired
pay for the increased
passability is not necessary
prosecutor's office a small expense
fuel